Validator - Watchtower, expecations, more (#239)
helium/docs: docs/mine-hnt/validators/validator-deployment-guide.mdx

To ensure that each Validator gets updated quickly without your manual involvement, we will use a docker container process called [Watchtower](https://containrrr.dev/watchtower/). This is a docker container that, based on an interval, reviews the running containers to see if there is an updated image available for the container. If so, it stops the running container, and creates a new container with the updated image.

```
docker run -d \
--restart always \
--name watchtower \
-v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
containrrr/watchtower \
--cleanup \
--interval 1800
```

- `-v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock` A volume flag to allow the watchtower container to monitor running containers.
- `containrrr/watchtower` The Image of the watchtower container
- `--cleanup` Passes a flag into the watchtower container. This instructs watchtower to remove old images after updating.
- `--interval 1800` Poll interval (in seconds). This value controls how frequently watchtower will poll for new images. For Testnet, the recommendation is to check for an updated image every 30 minutes.

Additional flags that may be helpful:

> - `quay.io/team-helium/validator:latest-val-amd64` Include the image text as the last line in the command above. Including this at the end simply tells watchtower to only monitor the validator image and not an of the other images in your docker server. This is included here for convenience if there are other docker containers running on the host. If the validator is the only service running, this can be ommitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `quay.io/team-helium/validator:latest-val-amd64` Include the image text as the last line in the command above. Including this at the end simply tells watchtower to only monitor the validator image and not any of the other images in your docker server. This is included here for convenience if there are other docker containers running on the host. If the validator is the only service running, this can be omitted.
```
